chore(deps): update github.com/prometheus/client_golang to v1.21.1 (#6433)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Drop support for [Go 1.22]. (#6381, #6418)

### Changed

> - ⚠️ Update `github.com/prometheus/client_golang` to `v1.21.1`, which changes the `NameValidationScheme` to `UTF8Validation`.

Reviewer: Not sure about the emoji. We didn't do that for the `prometheus/common` upgrade.

Author: Want me to remove this? Thought it'd be easier to draw attention as it is under `Changed` heading and not something like `Breaking`.

Reviewer: It's not a bad idea either, since this can be a confusing change. So let's keep it, unless someone objects.

> - Update `github.com/prometheus/client_golang` to `v1.21.1`. (#6433)
> - Set `github.com/prometheus/common/model.NameValidationScheme` to `LegacyValidation`, 
>   this avoids a breaking change introduced in [`prometheus/common@v0.62.0`](https://github.com/prometheus/common/releases/tag/v0.62.0). (#6433)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `github.com/prometheus/client_golang` to `v1.21.1`, which changes the `NameValidationScheme` to `NoEscaping`.
  This allows metrics names to keep original delimiters (e.g. `.`), rather than replacing with underscores.
  This can be reverted by setting `github.com/prometheus/common/model.NameValidationScheme` to `LegacyValidation` in `github.com/prometheus/common/model`. (#6433)
```

Content heavily inspired from https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/pull/6198

Author: It has changed to `UTF8Validation`. In fact, `NoEscaping` is not a valid `NameValidationScheme`, but a valid `NameEscapingScheme`. I have updated the changelog accordingly.
